this is the revived series solar restore
panel 360 it is a solar panel that is an
active charger so when you get it
outside of the box it comes with the
solar panel and a carabiner carabiner
one before is it is an active charger so
if you're out on a hike maybe attach it
to your backpack and you can charge your
smaller devices it won't be able to
charge tablets or some larger phones
like for example the Galaxy Note 2 this
one I provide enough power but smaller
smaller smartphone maybe like a galaxy
s3 HTC One some other smaller cell
phones mp3 players some cameras will be
able to charge but it won't charge
tablets larger smartphones and it won't
charge any Apple products either but it
outputs at 360 milliamp an hour and it's
a 5 volt maximum output so what you do
with this you put it in the direct
sunlight and you'll notice that when you
are getting like a blue light will be on
fluorescent lights in this room are
enough to turn it on but not enough to
charge anything at the moment but it's
out in direct sunlight will get 5 volts
the output maximum with 360 ma an hour
there's a USB port on the side there is
no USB cable included with panel so you
do have to provide your own all you do
is you plug your USB cable into the USB
port on the panel and the other end will
go into the device to be charged and
depending on how big your battery is and
your device to be charged for example
the galaxy s3 has a 21 mah internal
battery the solar restore panel 360 well
I'll put it 360 million hours so say
your phone was at a five percent charge
this is outputting a 360 take 2100
divided
360 and that's the approximate hours it
will take you to recharge that 2100 mAh
battery to full it also comes with a
kickstand on the back so if you want to
set it out in the Sun you can do it that
way that way it's angled is getting
direct sunlight or again you can just
use the carabiner to hang it onto a
backpack or purse so that while you're
walking around out in sun hiking and got
your device plugged in and will charge
I'm sousa possible troubleshooting tips
with the solar restorer 360 panel if
you're not getting a charge to a bugging
device make sure that the cable is
securely plugged into the USB port on
this end and that the other part of the
cables plug securely into the devices to
be charged if it's still not working
make sure that that light is on blue
light comes on when it's receiving power
from the solar source Don right now but
you do need direct sunlight for maximum
efficiency if that is still not working
try a different USB cable also you know
trying many different devices as we
explained earlier in the video it won't
charge Apple products tablets and larger
smartphones tablets look really big like
5-inch screen five and a half inch
screens smartphones but smaller devices
are okay this should be good to go and
that is the solar restored 360 panel
you